chore: a > b != a >= b (#1284)
vegaprotocol/specs: protocol/0027-ASSP-asset_proposal.md

## Delays and Thresholds

> - [ ] There is an asset `X` on vega / bridge with withdrawal delay threshold `t1`. Withdrawal in asset `X` below `t1` has no delay i.e. can be finalised on Ethereum as soon as the withdrawal bundle is received. A withdrawal in asset `X` above `t1` will be rejected by the bridge before time `bundle creation + delay` but can be finalised after `delay` time passes from bundle creation. Here `delay` is the global bridge delay parameter. (<a name="0027-ASSP-020" href="#0027-ASSP-019">0027-ASSP-020</a>)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] There is an asset `X` on vega / bridge with withdrawal delay threshold `t1`. Withdrawal in asset `X` below `t1` has no delay i.e. can be finalised on Ethereum as soon as the withdrawal bundle is received. A withdrawal in asset `X` with amount greater than or equal to `t1` will be rejected by the bridge before time `bundle creation + delay` but can be finalised after `delay` time passes from bundle creation. Here `delay` is the global bridge delay parameter. (<a name="0027-ASSP-020" href="#0027-ASSP-019">0027-ASSP-020</a>)
```
